                         Module (CSS and CSS 3)-2
(1) CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page. Using CSS, you can control the color of the text, the style of fonts, the spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out, etc.

(2) Confusion due to many CSS levels. Beginners are more vulnerable to this issue. ...
Cross-Browser Issues. Different browsers work differently. ...
Security Issues. Security is important in today's world driven by technology and data. ...
Extra Work for Developers.

(3) Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules
 
(4) These are human-readable identifiers that indicate which stylistic features you want to modify. For example, font-size , width , background-color .

(5) Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency

(6) Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

(7)  The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.
 
(8) The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

(9) The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

(10) To horizontally center a block element (like <div>), use margin: auto; Setting the width of the element will prevent it from stretching out to the edges of its container.

(11) The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).

(12) Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements.
     Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section.
     External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

(13) Embedded styles are located in the header of a page, and apply to that entire page.

(14)  external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.

(15) Advantage of CSS :
      1) Faster Page Speed. More code means slower page speed. ...
      2) Better User Experience. CSS not only makes web pages easy on the eye, it also allows for user-friendly formatting. ...
      3) Quicker Development Time. ...
      4) Easy Formatting Changes. ...
      5) Compatibility Across Devices.
    Disadvange of CSS :
     (1)Browser dependency - Style sheets format things slightly differently on different browsers. Unfortunately, browsers have different support for HTML and style sheets.

(16) A CSS selector selects the HTML element(s) for styling purpose. CSS selectors select HTML elements according to its id, class, type, attribute etc.

(17)  You could have one set of style rules for computer screens, one for printers, one for handheld devices, one for television-type devices, and so on.

(18)  A selector group and an associated declarations block, together, are called a ruleset, 

(19) => Get started. Open the file 'grid1. ...
      Check CSS for the grid. ...
      Define grid positions. ...
      Use a grid template. ...
      Define the template. ...
      Link the template to the class. ...
      Make it responsive. ...
      Work on a real layout.







